# docs-to-pages instructions (v2 - advanced)

### First of all...
Don't clone this repository to your local machine!

The repo is configured to run entirely with GitHub Actions; you never have to leave your browser!

### Steps
1. Use the repository as a template (click [here](https://github.com/new?template_name=docs-to-pages&template_owner=Rachmanin0xFF), if you like) and make your own version of it.
2. Navigate to the new repo's "Pages" settings (under "Code and Automation" in settings) and change the build and deployment source to GitHub Actions.
3. Edit the file titled LINK_TO_DRIVE_FOLDER and make it point to your own Drive folder's public sharing link.

That's it! The repository's build-and-deploy workflow should automatically trigger when you commit, and your website should be live at `[your-username].github.io/[your-repository-name]`!

The website will update daily (cron job for 00:00 UTC), or you can manually trigger the `build-and-deploy` workflow from the Actions tab of the repository.

### Important Warnings
1. The Drive folder should contain a Google Doc called "index" (all lowercase). This is your home page.
2.  Provide a link to a Drive *folder*, not a drive *document*.
3. The folder's sharing mode should be set to "anyone with the link can view".
4. The Drive folder should only contain file types that can be exported to HTML from within Drive.
5. **DO NOT** use this project with someone else's public Google Drive folder. **Only build websites from folders on your own Google Account**. This software is not intended to be used in any other way.

### Additional Notes
* `CONFIG.ini` has some basic settings regarding website layout.
  * HTML will not be committed to the repository unless specified in `CONFIG.ini`.
* You can inject HTML into the \<head\> tags on all your pages by including it in `templates/style_mod.jinja`.
  * The template's variables filled with the contents of `CONFIG.ini`.
* You can pull updates from the template by running the "Update Website Builder" action.
